feat(curriculum): add Block 15 of the B1 stage of the English Curriculum (#59354)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-manage-a-conversation/67f069b4d8dce18b274f3b85.md

---
id: 67f069b4d8dce18b274f3b85
title: Task 121
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-121
---

> <!-- (Audio) Sarah: I think the team could really use some refreshers on the new tools. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- (Audio) Sarah: I think the team could really use some refreshers on the new tools. -->

<!-- SPEAKING -->
```

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

What could Brian say to show he agrees with Sarah's suggestion?

## --answers--

`Good point.`

---

`If you say so.`

### --feedback--

This sounds doubtful or passive. It doesn't clearly show agreement with Sarah's suggestion.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

`Good point` is a short and positive phrase used to show that you agree with someone's idea or opinion. It means you think what the person said is logical or useful. For example:

> - Person A: `We should save time by preparing the slides in advance.` - Person A brings an idea to the table - preparing for an upcoming presentation.
> 
> - Person B: `Good point.` – This shows the speaker agrees and values the suggestion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Person 1: `We should save time by preparing the slides in advance.` - Person 1 brings an idea to the table - preparing for an upcoming presentation.

- Person 2: `Good point.` – This shows the speaker agrees and values the suggestion.
```
